hey guys today we're taking a look at a
wacky 80s sci-fi flick by the name of
weird science
[Music]
enjoy
two teens named gary and wyatt are seen
ogling the school's female gymnastics
team they stand there and
enthusiastically discuss the fantasy of
being popular and throwing an awesome
party
these kids would both give their left
knot for a chance with any one of these
girls
two hooligans pull up behind them
snickering as they overhear the dorky
fantasies
they pull both gary and white's pants
down and scream check us out
prompting the entire female class to
stare at the pantless pair gary is later
seen back at white's house for sleepover
he applies a copious amount of shaving
cream and shaves away his lush facial
hair
wyatt mentions that his jerk older
brother chet is back home for the
weekend to watch over them while his
parents are gone
gary is not pleased but quickly gets
over it as he sits down and enjoys some
frankenstein gary becomes so inspired by
the movie that he decides
hey why not we could make ourselves a
girl wyatt is immediately turned off by
the idea of digging up a dead body
gary assures him that they wouldn't be
doing that at all they could simply use
wise high-tech 80s computer to simulate
a girl you know
so they can talk to her and stuff fun
why gets to work
flexing his computer skills things are
going swimmingly but they realize they
need more juice to really step up their
creation
wyatt casually hacks into the government
and accesses their superior computer
power
now this part is very important they
scan in pictures of hot women
mozart and einstein naturally all the
ingredients you need to create the
perfect woman now that everything's in
the oven
it's time to bake the boys prepare for
their ceremony by chanting ancient
mantras
and wearing bras on their heads they
proceed to electrocute a dripped out
little doll connected to their computer
red clouds form outside their house and
lightning strikes as all hell breaks
loose
things are flying around dogs are on the
ceiling and the boys are in full panic
the doll has gone missing
suddenly their door begins to bend in
and out as if taking a breath
it explodes into little pieces and a
bombshell of a woman steps in
all three of them have a celebratory
group shower the boys are
tense to get dressed up and head out to
an eventful night apparently she's also
basically a genie so she materializes a
dapper fit for the boys
they hop in her newly summoned porsche
and the boys chris and her lisa
the group makes an awkward entrance at a
bar belisa conveniently creates some
very convincing ideas for them the bar
patrons go them into drinking
and it's not long before they're one of
the boys reminiscing over old love
interests while puffing on cigars
i was insane for this crazy little
eighth grade
group heads back home with wyatt taking
the wheel pretty sure this is his first
time driving so it's a bumpy ride to say
the least
they head home and are antagonized by
wyatt's older brother chet
he's the quintessential 80s bully
character wyatt steps outside for some
fresh air and lisa follows
they lock eyes and make out the next
morning the boys conclude that the
events of last night were merely a
fantastical dream
and then lisa calls them down for
breakfast wyatt whines to lisa about
chet
and she tells him he needs to get over
it it's seriously affecting your sex
life lisa walks off and wide endorsed
his daily bullying session from chet he
remarks on why it's odd choice of attire
this morning
considering he's wearing women's panties
chet is real upset about this
for christ's sakes will you cover
yourself later at the mall the boys buy
some perfume for lisa while she shops
for lingerie
you were a 15 year old boy would these
turn you on
how thoughtful they sit back relax and
remark about how well things are going
for them
unfortunately standing just above them
are a couple of their bullies they drop
a load of slushies on them and then walk
off
crossing paths with lisa she immediately
catches their eye and they follow her
outside to make a move
they ask her what she's up to and she
tells them she's waiting for her ride
the two studs gary and wyatt pull up
gary steps out of the car to greet her
and proudly takes a smooch on the cheek
as the two bullies watch on with envy
before they drive off lisa lets them
know that there's an upcoming party at
wyatt's house
they head home and lisa prepares the
house for the upcoming party white is
apprehensive but lisa reminds him that
this is exactly what he's been
fantasizing about
she leaves to pick up gary and meets his
parents they comment on her
mature appearance but the silver tongue
gary is quick to explain it away
you see dad she's a foreign exchange
student they asked where they're headed
and lisa bluntly reveals that they're
throwing a party that will be full of
sex
drugs and rock and roll gary's dad is
furious but lisa stands her ground
warning him that she could kick his ass
she tells them that they need to let
their son live a little
it isn't right that his only sexual
outlet is wanking off gary's mother is
heartbroken
but he adamantly defends that he has
never ever in his life
beat his meat
a screaming contest quickly breaks out
between gary and his mom before his dad
decides that they should call the police
gary's mom hysterically dials the phone
oh okay
and passes it into his dad's trembling
hands lisa pulls out a 44 magnum and
stares him down he
submits gary and lisa head back to
wyatt's place she shoots gary in the car
revealing it to be a water gun she also
tells him that she wiped his parents
memories of the conflict
gary who's gary uh oh they arrive back
it's time to party they open the door
and what appears to be their entire high
school was outside
an absolute rager ensues as countless
rowdy teenagers flood the house
meanwhile gary and wide hide in the
bathroom their two bullies from earlier
spot lisa and chat her up while their
girlfriends deb and hilly go upstairs to
the bathroom
they run into the boys and go inside
gary and white are incredibly awkward
and totally fumble their opportunity the
girls go back downstairs
remarking that gary and white are weird
look cute lisa runs into them and asks
where they've been
and if they've seen gary and wyatt they
both give different answers lisa tells
them that if she does run into them
they should definitely shower together
because it's a mind scrambling
experience
we cut to wyatt's grandparents having a
discussion over dinner his grandmother
reflects on the importance of being
present in her teenage grandson's life
so they agree to check
in on him after dinner meanwhile the
bullies are chatting with carrie and
wyatt
they're interested in lisa and want to
crack at her offering up their
girlfriends in exchange
the boys reveal the secret of lisa's
creation and attempt to make a new girl
for them
one with especially prominent assets the
ritual is set to begin
and once again all hell breaks loose as
the rules of reality begin to bend
things are flying everywhere gravity is
out the window photos come to life
and a kid is even stuck inside the tv
things get even spicier when powerful
winds sent a piano flying out the
chimney
those same winds threatened to do the
same to a pretty girl who hangs on for
dear life as her clothes begin to fly
off
first her skirt then her shirt and thank
the heavens
her bra she's flung out the chimney and
nothing but her undies landing safely in
the water
gary and wyatt calmly wait for events to
transpire while their bullies cower and
fear behind the desk
the silhouette of a woman appears in
front of them but it's lisa
she chastises them for showing off and
reminds them that people will like them
for who they are
not what they can do anyway the ritual
failed because the boys forgot to
connect the wires to a doll
they were instead left resting on a
magazine with a ballistic missile on its
cover
uh-oh a nuclear warhead pops out from
beneath the floor as wise grandparents
make an untimely arrival they're furious
about the party
lisa tells why his grandparents are here
oh boy by the time gary and him come
down
lisa has already dealt with them
freezing them in time and stuffing them
in a cupboard lisa remarks to their
motionless bodies that the boys are
lacking a bit of spirit lisa decides to
shake things up to bolster gary and
wide's confidence
i'm so bloody clever some kind of
challenge that they can triumph over
she summons a gang of mutant bikers to
terrorize the house they ride in and
around the house leaving chaos in their
wake
wyatt is in despair over the motorcycles
in his house but gary makes clear the
full severity of the situation
why they're killing mutants in your
house okay mutant bikers torment the
guests while gary and wyatt hide
they weigh their options look we can
deal with shame okay death is a much
deeper issue
the mutants tear wyatt through the wall
and gary follows they tease the boys
before grabbing deb and haley and
holding them hostage
they start to kiss them prompting the
boys to man up and take a stand
gary tells the head mutant and his
stinky friends to kick it or else
the mutant tries to point a shock into
gary but he parries it and whips out the
44 magnum from earlier
the mutants release the girls and run
off becoming rather polite in the
process
gary commends himself in wyatt for being
heroes while haphazardly waving the gun
around
causing everyone to duck he tells why to
relax since it's just a water gun
why not the party dies down and hildy is
seen walking up to wyatt
she asked him if he really wasn't afraid
of those guys he says no
he wasn't and impressed hilly asks him
for a kiss wide hesitates
wondering about her boyfriend haley says
that everyone makes mistakes
and flashes a smile meanwhile gary's
upstairs seducing deb
but she's a little insecure about lisa
gary tells her that while elise has
everything he thought he ever wanted
if he could make her again he'd make her
like deb that line sealed the deal
and she moves in for a kiss the next
morning chet arrives home from
duck hunting and is less than happy to
see the state the house is in not only
is everything in disarray
but there's a literal snow storm in his
room not to mention the ballistic
missile hanging around in wyatt's
he really awakens both gary and wyatt
then rights to both of them
lisa steps in to deal with chet while
the boys go off to drive their new
girlfriend's home
gary races past cops and his amnesiac
father
that was gary who is this gary carrick
before catching another little makeout
sesh with deb
things go much the same for wyatt and he
declares his love for hillary while
standing between two active sprinklers
what a goofball back at home lisa has
transformed chet into a little troll
creature
and demands he starts treating gary and
wyatt with respect or else she won't
turn him back
he agrees the boys return home and
reveal to lisa that they have new
girlfriends
lisa tearfully tells them that that's
all she ever wanted and she's so proud
of them
sadly lisa has to go now but promise is
that everything will return to normal
she vanishes and everything starts
reversing to the way it once was
wyatt's parents returned home and the
boys greet them as if nothing happened
but beneath the surface
they became men hey guys thanks for
watching if you have any movie
suggestions or criticisms
please leave them in the comments below